Update community-handbook.md - adding Alex as RPM (#3490)
the-turing-way/the-turing-way: book/website/community-handbook/community-handbook.md

The co-lead investigators for this project are [Dr Kirstie Whitaker](https://whitakerlab.github.io/about), who leads the Tools, Practices and Systems Research Programme at [The Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk) and [Dr. Malvika Sharan](https://about.me/malvikasharan), Senior Researcher at the [Alan Turing Institute](http://turing.ac.uk).

[Anne Lee Steele](https://www.turing.ac.uk/people/researchers/anne-lee-steele) is the Research Community Manager. [Alexandra Araujo Alvarez](https://www.turing.ac.uk/people/programme-management/alexandra-araujo-alvarez) is the Research Project Manager.

> You can contact them on the community Gitter Channel [https://gitter.im/the-turing-way/the-turing-way](https://gitter.im/the-turing-way/the-turing-way).

Reviewer: Should this be removed?

Author: Which bit @AlexandraAAJ? The Gitter channel?

Reviewer: Yes, if you're not using it anymore. Or mention that we are no longer using it.

Author: Done! Changed to slack @AlexandraAAJ :)

> You can contact them on the community Gitter Channel [https://gitter.im/the-turing-way/the-turing-way](https://gitter.im/the-turing-way/the-turing-way).

Author: ```suggestion
You can contact them on the community Slack workspace or directly by email.
```
